README.md, before:

# BOB Snap

A MetaMask snap for all things Bitcoin.

## Features

Allow users to:

- Receive and transfer BTC
- Inscribe and transfer ordinals
- Mint, receive, and transfer BRC20
- Runes support

> **This application is only supported on testnet with Metamask Flask**

## MetaMask Snaps Introduction

Snaps is a system that allows developers to safely build and expand the capabilities of MetaMask. It is a program that is run in an isolated environment with a limited set of capabilities, that can customize and modify MetaMask's wallet experience for end users. For example, a snap can add new APIs to MetaMask thus adding support for different blockchains or modify existing functionalities using internal APIs.

Additional information can be found [here](https://docs.metamask.io/guide/snaps.html).

## Demo

A demo application using this package can be found at [https://ordinals.gobob.xyz](https://ordinals.gobob.xyz). Further documentation can be found here: [https://docs.gobob.xyz/docs/build/examples/metamask-ordinals/](https://docs.gobob.xyz/docs/build/examples/metamask-ordinals/)

## Acknowledgements

This project was forked from https://github.com/snapdao/btcsnap.

## License

This project is dual-licensed under Apache 2.0 and MIT terms:

- [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

Remove live demo from README

README.md, after:

# BOB Snap

A MetaMask snap for all things Bitcoin.

## Features

Allow users to:

- Receive and transfer BTC
- Inscribe and transfer ordinals
- Mint, receive, and transfer BRC20
- Runes support

> **This application is only supported on testnet with Metamask Flask**

## MetaMask Snaps Introduction

Snaps is a system that allows developers to safely build and expand the capabilities of MetaMask. It is a program that is run in an isolated environment with a limited set of capabilities, that can customize and modify MetaMask's wallet experience for end users. For example, a snap can add new APIs to MetaMask thus adding support for different blockchains or modify existing functionalities using internal APIs.

Additional information can be found [in the MetaMask Snaps docs](https://docs.metamask.io/guide/snaps.html).

## Learn More

Further documentation can be found here: [https://docs.gobob.xyz/learn/builder-guides/metamask-snap/](https://docs.gobob.xyz/learn/builder-guides/metamask-snap/)

## Acknowledgements

This project was forked from https://github.com/snapdao/btcsnap.

## License

This project is dual-licensed under Apache 2.0 and MIT terms:

- [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
